# THEORY:-
SUPERVISED LEARNING: Supervised learning is a machine learning technique that uses human-labeled input and output datasets to train artificial intelligence models. The trained model learns the underlying relationships between inputs and outputs, enabling it to predict correct outputs based on new, unlabeled real-world input data.
Labeled data consists of example data points along with the correct outputs or answers. As input data is fed into the machine learning algorithm, it adjusts its weights until the model has been fitted appropriately. Labeled training data explicitly teaches the model to identify the relationships between features and data labels.  
REGRESSION: Regression in machine learning consists of mathematical methods that allow data scientists to predict a continuous outcome (y) based on the value of one or more predictor variables (x). Linear regression is probably the most popular form of regression analysis because of its ease-of-use in predicting and forecasting.

XGBoost Algorithm: The XGBoost algorithm follows a supervised learning method that utilizes gradient boosting to create an ensemble of multiple decision trees. During the training process, the algorithm starts with an initial prediction and computes the residuals based on the predicted values and the observed values. It then creates other decision trees using a similarity score for the residuals, which are then used to generate the output values for each leaf. This process is repeated either until the residuals stop reducing or for a specified number of times. Each subsequent tree learns from the previous ones.
